# Idealize-2022
IDEALIZE 2022 – Where Ideas Meet Reality
Have you been waiting for the prime opportunity to showcase your technical and IT skills? AIESEC is here to answer your call. AIESEC in University of Moratuwa is pleased to announce the launch of IDEALIZE 2022, the second iteration of their largest app developing competition for tech entrepreneurs in Sri Lanka. The battle of the tech minds is set to begin in the month of June and is ready to find its Idealizers who will pave the way for the future of the technological industry in Sri Lanka.

AIESEC is a global youth-led organization present in more than 100 countries whose primary goal is to nurture the leadership skills of young leaders. It provides opportunities for enthusiastic youngsters to prove their skills by engaging in valuable projects, volunteering, and many more. IDEALIZE is one such initiative organized especially to highlight the technological entrepreneurship skills that many Sri Lankan youth possess. It is in no doubt that the future lies with technology. From the moment the first computer was invented, humans have always incorporated technology in their innovations. Today, there is hardly any person who doesn’t have a device that connects them with the rest of the world. This is why the future generations must be equipped with IT skills. Recognising this need, AIESEC in University of Moratuwa initiated IDEALIZE, an ideathon coupled with app development to equip the Sri Lankan youth with the necessary technological skills.

The project was first initiated in 2021 with much success. More than 650 participants from all over the country came together to battle for the IDEALIZE championship. The event was concluded with the crowning of the Idealizers. Sujith Perera, Suween Ellawela, and Shashenka Gamage of Team 3X triumphed as the school category winners while Team Error 404 headed by Venushi De silva was victorious in the open category.

IDEALIZE 2022 aims to reach even greater heights than before by upscaling the magnitude of the competition. To aid this grand cause, 99X Corporation, a pioneer in the technological industry in Sri Lanka has partnered up with AIESEC in University of Moratuwa as the Platinum Partner providing their valuable assistance and guidance. We also have NCINGA Corporation, a technology solutions provider forefront in the IT industry, as the Gold Partner of the event This year, IDEALIZE is focusing on uplifting the technological entrepreneurship aptitude of Sri Lankan youth and empowering women in tech. The competition will be open to two categories of participants as school and open categories. Any individual between the age of 19 – 28 who has a dream of kickstarting their entrepreneurship journey is welcome to take a chance at the IDEALIZE championship.

The project would embark on its voyage on the 14th of June, 2022 opening registrations. Participants will be provided knowledge of app development and guidance from mentors in technological companies during the competition. The project would span over three months with challenging and entertaining events. Well-known professionals in the technological arena will be gracing the event to impart their knowledge and insights
